Refactor to use Mdbook and introduction (#4)
mun-lang/book: src/ch00-00-introduction.md

# Introduction

> Note: Mun & this book are currently under active development, any and all
> content of this book not final and can still change.

*Mun* is an embedable scripting language designed for developer productivity. 

> * **Ahead of time compiled**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Ahead of time compilation**
```

> * **Ahead of time compiled**

Reviewer: Maybe add something along the lines of:

```
AOT compilation results in machine code that can be natively executed on a platform,
guaranteeing the best possible performance. Interpreted languages suffer a runtime
penalty as every bytecode instruction needs to be translated to an equivalent machine
code instruction. JIT compiled languages try to overcome this performance deficiency
by optimising their program during an extra runtime compilation.
```

to show that AOT has performance benefits.

Reviewer: We could also add that some platforms don't allow for JIT compilation as they prevent write access to executable memory.

Author: I think that should be covered in the Performance section in that case.

>   Mun is ahead of time (AOT) compiled instead of interpreted or JITed. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Mun is compiled ahead of time (AOT), as opposed to being interpreted or compiled just in time (JIT).
```

>   enables catching a lot of errors at compile time instead of at runtime. AOT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  By detecting type errors during AOT compilation, an entire class of runtime errors is eliminated.
```

>   compilation allows developers to stay in their IDE instead of having to debug

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Whereas developers of interpreted or JIT compiled languages have to constantly switch between their IDE and target application to debug runtime errors, an AOT compiled language allows developers to stay within the comfort of their IDE.
```

  the target application to check for runtime errors. 

* **Statically typed**

>   Mun uses types that are resolved at compilation time instead of at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Mun resolves types at compilation time instead of at runtime, resulting in
  immediate feedback when writing code and opening the door for powerful
  refactoring tools.
```

>   This enables powerful refactoring tools and better error detection at the time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   of writing the code vs running the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* **First class hot-reloading**

>   Mun is written from the ground up with hot-reloading in mind. Hot-reloading

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Every aspect of Mun is designed with hot reloading in mind. Hot reloading is the
  process of changing code and resources of a live application, removing the need
  to start, stop and recompile an application whenever a function or value needs to
  be changed.```

>   enables developers to alter the code while its executing. There no longer is a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   need to start/stop the application, changing functions, values or classes take

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   effect instantly without restarting the target application. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* **Performance** 

>   Mun compiles the code to optimized machine code using LLVM. Together with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Mun compiles code to optimized machine code using LLVM. In combination with
```

>   static typing this enables native performance. Hot-reloading is enabled by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  static typing this guarantees native runtime performance. Hot reloading does
```

>   default which adds a little bit of overhead at runtime, however, for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  introduce a slight runtime overhead, but it can be disabled for production
```

>   production builds hot-reloading can also be turned off which removes all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  builds to ensure the best possible runtime performance.
```

>   overhead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* **Cross compilation**
  The Mun compiler is able to compile to all supported target platforms from any
  supported compiler platform. 

* **Powerful IDE integration**

>   The Mun language and compiler framework are designed from the ground up to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Mun language and compiler framework are designed to
```

Reviewer: From the ground up is a separate statement, and as such its meaning doesn't work as a lead up: https://idioms.thefreedictionary.com/from+the+ground+up

>   support queries on the source code which enable powerful IDE integration like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  support source code queries, allowing for powerful IDE integrations such as
```

# Introduction

> Note: Mun & this book are currently under active development, any and all
> content of this book not final and can still change.

> *Mun* is an embedable scripting language designed for developer productivity. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Mun* is an embeddable scripting language designed for developer productivity. 
```

* **Ahead of time compilation**  
  Mun is compiled ahead of time (AOT), as opposed to being interpreted or
  compiled just in time (JIT). By detecting errors in the code during AOT
  compilation, an entire class of runtime errors is eliminated. This allows
  developers to stay within the comfort of their IDE instead of having to switch
  between the IDE and target application to debug runtime errors.

* **Statically typed**  
  Mun resolves types at compilation time instead of at runtime, resulting in
  immediate feedback when writing code and opening the door for powerful
  refactoring tools.

* **First class hot-reloading**  
  Every aspect of Mun is designed with hot reloading in mind. Hot reloading is
  the process of changing code and resources of a live application, removing the
  need to start, stop and recompile an application whenever a function or value

>   needs to be changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  is changed.
```

* **Performance**  

>   Mun compiles code to optimized machine code using LLVM. Mun's AOT compilation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  AOT compilation combined with static typing ensure that Mun is compiled to machine code
```

>   and static typing result in machine code that can be natively executed on a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  that can be natively executed on any target platform. LLVM is used for compilation
```

>   platform, guaranteeing the best possible performance. Hot reloading does

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and optimization, guaranteeing the best possible performance. Hot reloading does
```
